add pillbarbutton and notification view documentation for iOS (#12787)
microsoft/fluentui: apps/fabric-website/src/pages/Controls/PillButtonBarPage/docs/ios/PillButtonBarOverview.md

> Pill Button Bar is a horizontal scrollable list of pill shape text buttons in which only one button can be selected at a given time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MSPillButtonBar` is a horizontal, scrollable list of pill-shaped text buttons in which only one button can be selected at a given time.
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
| Filled Style | Outline Style |
| --- | --- |

> | image1 | image2 |

Reviewer: Remove or add images?
